As with other national museums in Kenya, the ticket buying process is a pain. I tried to do ahead online but had no luck, so it took almost 10 minutes to gain an entry ticket using the online portal, filling out many bits of info, etc. So be prepared for that. Maybe it will go better for you. - Jan 2026

Tried to go end of October. Took a Uber from my hotel to the museum.
To buy a ticket, I was told that the only option was to use a website, but it was very slow (even on the museum wifi) and it didn't accept any of my UK issued debits or credit cards.
No options to pay cash or use a machine on site, which surely be some common options for a museum.
After trying for 20 minutes, I just gave up. First time in my life I can't get to a museum because I can't buy a ticket. - Oct 2025

Very complicated way to pay to get in here (no cash due to corruption.) -Aug 2025

I arrived at the museum and was directed to use the online ticketing system. This was such a frustrating system that I gave up and left the museum rather than waste time with it any further.
There were people manning the entrance point - why couldn't they just sell peolle tickets? Why do they have to direct people to the inconvenient QR code-enabled ticketing system!
I recomend you avoid the museum until they sort this out. - Jul 2025

We looked forward to visiting the national museum to understand more of the country’s history and culture however the incredibly convoluted and complex as well as time consuming ticket process made this impossible!
Surely it is not beyond the wit to install automatic ticket vending machines where you swipe a payment card and get a ticket !?!?
Without doubt the country is being reflected poorly in this museums operations and somebody needs to address it not only to reflect a potentially modern upcoming country but merely also to impress visitors from all over the world …
An opportunity missed and two more lost customers…


Buying tickets for the museum goes slowly because it has to go through the eCitizen website, even at the ticket counter of the museum. Their collection of early human ancestors (hominids) is unique and impressive. Otherwise it is a bit an historical museum of everything also including a contemporary art gallery. Certainly worth a visit when in Nairobi! - Apr 2025


the ticketing process is a little bit confusing. the officer will give us some booking number, and then we need to pay that booking in the souvenir shop, then another officer will print the final ticket. but inside this museum is amazing. what is love the most is the history of kenya. -Jan 2025


Had to go to one person who gave me ticket to go pay another person ( a shop outside) and then go to another person to check ticket and payment then to another person, so if your patient you’ll get in. - Jan 2025

As many of the other reviewers said due to ecitizen we were unable to get in. We tried to buy tickets in advance from our hotel but the payment would not process. We arrived to the museum to a scene of confusion apparently e citizen was not working for anyone paying cash, card, or mpesa is not an option. The staff on hand direct you to usebecitizen and then a line for guest services that extended outside the building. Also there is no wifi and websites would not load using a Safaricom sim card.

A terrible experience for locals and tourists who are trying to go to a museum to learn.

Make sure if you decide to visit purchase your ticket before arrival and take a screenshot of the confirmation.- Jan 2025


When my husband and I arrived at the museum today there was a complete lack of anyone showing us where to go.we finally saw a young women slumped over a desk and we asked about entry to the museum’ you pay’ was her retort.
Yes of course we’ll pay I said but I’d like to pay with my debit card if that’s ok?
‘ you need to make an account on line - where are your passports?’ I explained they were back at our hotel and why would we need a passport?
Can I just pay for our entrance into the museum with my bank card? - Dec 2024

You absolutely have to buy tickets in advance and print them.
Buying a ticket on the day is an arduous task that took almost the amount of time it took to get around the exhibition.  - Oct 2024

Please Nairobi National Museum change the way you can purchase tickets. It took over an hour to set things up and the system crashed. So frustrating. When a wonderful person saw my frustration and that I had given up and was ready to walk out, they purchased my ticket for me! So bring cash .. and a lot of patience. - Oct 2024

It is extremely difficult to buy a ticket as a foreigner. They force you to register a national account online through a completely broken website.- Oct 2024

Would have loved to visit, but was unable to buy tickets due to a problem with the eCitizens website. The museum doesn’t take cash or credit cards for admission, so I wasted my time trying to visit and found other activities to do instead. I hope Kenya gets this system sorted out, because it puts a damper on wanting to see all the sites. - Oct 2024

The systems are awful! theres a long que of tourists trying to pay as they make you fill out a form online on their computer. lf you dont have cash you pay online using that form. You do it manually on a computer, so it can take around 45 mins for some people. Also some peoples cards dont even work as they have international cards. Please stop trying to save money and just invest in a decent card machine. Places like this make africa look really cheap. - Sep 2024

I wasn't able to visit this museum, which was on my "must-see" list for Nairobi, due to the convoluted, time-consuming system for getting around the absence of a Kenyan ecitizen or mobile account. - Aug 2024

Extremely difficult process just to buy a ticket. So much hassle. The service at the reception desk is very unprofessional and bad. 

You need to pay online. Via some government website. They do not accept payment there. Cash or credit. We are visiting so did not have WiFi or cell data.
But after 10min or trying. The cashier let us use his computer.

Buy tickets beforehand! It's a great museum with knowledgeable guides and definitely worth visiting! Don't let the ticket annoyance deter you. -Feb 2024

